feat!: Drop Rails 6.0 EOL (#680)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-ruby-contrib: README.md

OpenTelemetry Ruby follows the [versioning and stability document][otel-versioning] in the OpenTelemetry specification. Notably, we adhere to the outlined version numbering exception, which states that experimental signals may have a `0.x` version number.

### Library Compatability

This project is managed on a volunteer basis and therefore we have limited capacity to support compatability with unmaintained or EOL libraries.

We will regularly review the instrumentations to drop compatability for any versions of Ruby or gems that reach EOL or no longer receive regular maintenance.

Should you need instrumentation for _older_ versions of a library then you must pin to a specific version of the instrumentation that supports it,

> however you will no longer receive any updates for the instrumentationfrom this repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
however, you will no longer receive any updates for the instrumentation from this repository.
```
